i propose a mechanic for the game ticket to ride Europe CP
first, there will be full map as in normal ticket to ride europe
there will be no color of tracks, no locomotives, neither any tunnels, nor any locomotive must track, just simple tracks
now instead of train cards, there is a "coin" currency (independent of color of track)
to build a track, you need to spend coins equal to the size of the track.
you get coins by solving questions.
question difficulty and number of coins a question gives is defined by user.
default settings level question rating(min, max)  coins
level 1 (800,900) - 2
level 2 (1000,1100) - 3
level 3 (1200, 1400) - 4
level 4 (1500+) - 5
for each level 4-6 questions will be displayed. (configurable by user, default 5)
user can also specify how many levels of questions  to have ( keep only 2 levels or maybe add more levels)(fully customizable)
users can make upto 3 stations on others track (only once on any tracks), by correspondingly spending 1 , 2 and 3 coins for the 1st , 2nd or 3rd station they make.

now point scoring system. standard same as ticket to ride
each track you built will give corresponding points
each route you complete will give corresponding points
each route you dont complete will give corresponding negative points
team having longest track length will get additional points
each station you dont use will give 4 points

Now similar to ticket to ride, a user can make atmost 45 total track length, and the game ends when a user makes atleast 43 total track length or the time limit ends

in the end the total points of each user is calculated and results are displayed.

in the game, anyone can see any teams detail or build tracks/stations for any team initially to avoid complexity. we will add authentication later. for now we focus only on building the game.
what all will be shown
total points you have (separately for each type  - track points, route points, station left points, longest path points (if you have longest path))
total coins you have
the routes you have
coin marketplace
number of tracks left of each player
track size points of each player
game time left
visual map

now you also need to ensure proper visual map is displayed.
there will be a default europe map(image) layer at the bottom.
then above it should be cities layer
then above it should be tracks layers (claimed/unclaimed)
then above it should be station layers (if anyone makes)